Skip to main content
Report an accessibility problem
ASU Home
My ASU
Colleges and Schools
Sign In
Search
Tuition and Aid
Tuition
Financial Aid
Billing and Student Finances
Aid and Billing Calendar
Forms
Contact

ASU Financial Aid

On This Page:
Overview
Getting Financial Aid
Important dates
Home
Financial aid
You have lots of ways to pay for college

It’s no secret that college is a major investment. But studies show that it’s an investment that pays dividends. And the good news is, you have access to many forms of financial aid to help pay for it — you’re not alone in this. Learn about the various types of financial aid, how to get them and everything else you need to know to get help paying for college.

Watch video: What type of aid is being offered?

Watch video: Three things to know before classes start.

 
How do I get financial aid at ASU?

Create an Studentaid.gov account (FSA ID)

Whether you’re a student or parent, you’ll need to create your own account on studentaid.gov to complete federal student aid tasks. You’ll use the same FSA ID every year.

Fill out the Free Application for Federal Student Aid

You’ll need your driver’s license, bank statements, parent information and more. The FAFSA is officially open for the 2025–2026 academic year.  ASU’s Federal School Code is 001081. Complete the FAFSA here.

CSS Profile: CSS Profile is an online application used by colleges to award nonfederal institutional aid. The tool helps us determine eligibility and understand your specific financial situation. CSS Profile is available to qualifying domestic noncitizens who are unable to complete the FAFSA. ASU's CSS Code is 4007.

Please note: If you are eligible to submit the FAFSA, do not submit a CSS Profile application.

 

Review your FAFSA Summary Report

This will be emailed to you from the Department of Education 3-4 days after your FAFSA has been processed.

Look out for additional verification documents we need to process your FAFSA in My ASU

Return the documents quickly so that we can continue to process your file without delays.

Financial Aid and Scholarship Services will send you your Financial Aid Offer letter

Review your offer through the finances tab in My ASU. About five days before classes start, financial aid disbursement begins. Your scholarship and grant money will automatically be applied. You will need to accept loan offers before those funds are available. If you have any financial aid funds left over after paying your tuition and other charges, you’ll receive a refund. The quickest way to get your refund is to enroll in direct deposit.

Apply for Scholarships

After you submit the FAFSA, you can explore scholarships using ASU's Scholarship Universe. Scholarships are gift aid — money for college that you don’t have to repay. And there are tons of scholarships out there for all kinds of students based on region, interests, majors, goals and lots more. Apply for any and all that you qualify for no matter how small they may seem. They add up quickly.

Enroll In direct deposit

If you have any financial aid funds left over after paying your tuition and other charges, you’ll receive a refund. The quickest (and safest) way to get your refund is to enroll in direct deposit.

Maintain eligibility

You’ll need to maintain a certain GPA and complete relevant coursework in a certain timeframe. If you are a scholarship recipient, you’ll need to meet renewal criteria.

File a FAFSA every year

You’ll need to submit a new FAFSA every year you’re in college to continue receiving federal financial aid.

Frequently asked questions
Who can get financial aid at ASU?
How much financial aid can I get? 
What kind of aid can I get to pay for college?
Scholarships

Scholarships provide free money that you apply for based on various criteria such as academic achievement, background, financial needs, interest and more.

Learn about scholarships

Grants

Grants provide students who have a demonstrated need, money that doesn't need to be paid back.

Learn about grants
Work-study

Federal Work-Study provides opportunities to work a part-time job.

Learn about work-study
Loans

A loan provides money from the government or a private institution that you borrow for school and that you have to repay with interest.

Learn about loans
Important financial aid, scholarship and disbursement dates
October
Scholarship Universe opens 

For admitted students, ASU’s Scholarship Universe opens and scholarship opportunities are available for the 2026–2027 academic year. Note that scholarship deadlines vary so start exploring and applying early.

October 1
FAFSA opens

The FAFSA opens for the 2027–2028 academic year. The earlier you submit, the more financial aid you’re likely to get. Get started on yours as soon as possible.

January 15
FAFSA priority date 

ASU's FAFSA priority date is Jan. 15. Submit your FAFSA by this date to maximize financial aid opportunities.

 

Note:  10 days before the start of each semester – Financial aid funds begin to disburse and you can start paying your charges. Watch video: How does my financial aid pay for my charges?

Incoming on-campus students

Incoming on-campus first-year and transfer students
Connect with your admission team member.

Incoming graduate students
Connect with your admission team member.

Incoming military/veteran students
Connect with your Pat Tillman Veterans Center team member.

Incoming International students
Connect with your admission team member.

Incoming ASU Online students

Call us at 
1-855-278-5080

or visit the My ASU Help tab to email a specific question.

Current students

Call us

1-855-278-5080

Email us

Visit the My ASU Help tab to email a specific question.

Chat with us

Launch a chat session

Tuition and Aid

Contact Us

Support ASU

Tuition

Tuition Estimator
Cost of Attendance
Tuition and Fees

Financial Aid

About Financial Aid
FAFSA
Scholarships
Student Grants
Loans
Student Jobs
Financial Aid Disbursement
Maintaining Your Aid

Student Finances and Billing

Manage Account
Payment Options
Tuition Refund
ASU Payment Plan
Budget Worksheet

Calendar

Aid and Billing Calendar

Contact and Forms

Contact
Disclosures
FAQs
Find a Form
Maps and Locations
Jobs
Directory
Contact ASU
My ASU
Copyright and Trademark
Accessibility
Terms of Use
Emergency
Privacy
Manage my privacy settings