Skip to main content
Report an accessibility problem
ASU Home
My ASU
Colleges and Schools
Sign In
Search
Educational Outreach and Student Services
University Housing
First Year Housing
Continuing Student Housing
Life on Campus
Guest and Conferences
Resources
Contact Us
Pause
Your legacy starts here.

Living on campus gives you the skills to grow into the person you are becoming. Make connections. Build your community. Prep for success.

First Year Housing
Continuing Student Housing
ASU spirit, pride and tradition starts with living on campus

From academic excellence to vibrant campus life, get ready to embrace new experiences, forge lifelong connections, and chart your path to success. Your journey starts here. 

Enjoy the convenience of all-inclusive living, while being steps away from academic buildings, student services and campus dining locations.

Housing Portal

Living on Campus

Life as a Sun Devil means building skills that lead to success – teamwork, critical thinking, networking and leadership. Living on campus is a great way to immerse yourself in college life, make new friends and connections, and take on new opportunities to grow personally and professionally.

Explore your Residential Community

Residential communities at ASU provide students the opportunity to live and study with peers who share similar academic and career interests. You’ll gain valuable hands-on experience in your chosen field of study as well as community engagement early in your college career, putting you on the right track for success at ASU and beyond.

Get involved and find your place

Being a Sun Devil is about making connections, embracing traditions, and learning lessons that will last a lifetime. Find out what motivates you to keep becoming the best version of yourself. Join a student club/organization, engage in ASU’s many events and activities, serve your community, or promote your idea for making the world a better place. Enjoy Sun Devil Life!

Quick links
  Housing Rates
 Meal Plans
 License Agreement
 Move-in
 Maintenance Requests
 Technology Center
 Student Org & Events
 Student Services
 ASU Family
 Live Well at ASU
 Career Services
 Counseling Services
Explore ASU

Learn more about ASU’s admission and enrollment processes, and explore each of our campuses through virtual visit experiences, walking tours and on-demand virtual tours.

Visit Us

The experience of a lifetime starts on campus.

The experience you have and the memories you make when you live on campus will last a lifetime. There’s so much to do on campus and you can be right in the middle of all that ASU has to offer.

Apply for Housing

Educational Outreach and Student Services

Support ASU

Admission

Apply Now
First Year
Re-Admission
Graduate
Law
Counselor & Teacher Resources

Paying for College

Costs
Financial Aid
Scholarships
Tuition
Billing
Residency

Academics

Majors
ASU Bookstore
Registration
Tutoring & Advising
Course Catalog
Graduation

Life at ASU

ASU Events
Health & Wellness
Housing & Dining
Clubs & Activities
Safety
Student Support
Transportation
Jobs & Careers
Maps and Locations
Jobs
Directory
Contact ASU
My ASU
Copyright and Trademark
Accessibility
Terms of Use
Emergency
Privacy
Manage my privacy settings