Skip to main content
Report an accessibility problem
ASU Home
My ASU
Colleges and Schools
Sign In
Search
Admission
Info for
Academics
Cost and Aid
Campus Life
Visit
Contact
ApplyRequest info
Pause
Arizona State University Admission

An inclusive academic powerhouse

What happens when a university has a global reputation for academic excellence yet remains open to any student eager to learn? This combination creates an incredible, worldwide demand for an ASU degree. ASU is a supportive and welcoming academic community, and is constantly innovating with new degree programs, cutting-edge learning methods and welcoming spaces to foster growth and discovery.

Admission information for
First-year
Transfer
Graduate
International
Visiting
Online
Cost and financial aid

Arizona State University offers one of the lowest tuition rates in the Big 12, and with scholarships and financial aid factored in, the cost becomes more affordable. Nonresident students are also automatically considered for ASU’s New American University Scholarship upon admission to the university.

Invest in your future
The benefits of living in metro Phoenix

Metro Phoenix, home to ASU’s four main campuses, is one of the fastest growing cities in the U.S. and is full of big opportunities. As an ASU student, you’ll have access to internships and industry partners so you can start getting practical experience in your field of study while you’re still a student. These are opportunities you just can’t find in smaller cities. And depending which campus you’re on, you’re as little as 10 to 30 minutes away from Sky Harbor International Airport — a launchpad to the entire world.

Living in metro Phoenix

What kind of college student are you?

You probably have a lot of reasons to go to college — to expand your horizons, prepare for your career, start building your network. Just as there are many reasons to go to college, there are many ways to be successful once you’re there. Get a sneak peek at what kind of college student you could be with this quiz.

Take the quiz

Contact us

Contact your admission representative. We are here to help!

Contact us
Take the next step
Request info

Sign up to receive communications about degree programs, scholarships, opportunities, events and admission details.

Request info
Visit campus

Learn more about ASU’s admission processes, and explore each of our campuses through live-hosted virtual visit experiences, walking tours and on-demand virtual tours.

Visit ASU
Apply now

Find out more about admission requirements and start your application for admission today.

Apply now
Arizona State University is a top-ranked research university in the greater Phoenix metropolitan area.

Contact Us

Support ASU

First-year Students

Overview
Steps and Requirements
Cost and Aid
Nondegree First-year
Readmission
Visiting University Students
Contact Your Rep

Transfer and Second Bachelor Students

Overview
Steps and Requirements
Cost and Aid
Transferring Credits
Pathway Programs
Contact Your Rep

Graduate Students

Overview
Steps and Requirements
Cost and Aid
Resources
Nondegree Graduate
Admitted Students
Contact Your Rep

International Students

Steps and Requirements
Student Visa
Orientation
Contact Your Rep
Maps and Locations
Jobs
Directory
Contact ASU
My ASU
Copyright and Trademark
Accessibility
Terms of Use
Emergency
Privacy
Manage my privacy settings