Skip to main content
Report an accessibility problem
ASU Home
My ASU
Colleges and Schools
Sign In
Search
International Students and Scholars Center
F-1/J-1 Students
Faculty/Scholars Visa
Departments and Employers
Resources
eFormsAdvising
Inspiring global citizens

ASU's International Students and Scholars Center welcomes students from more than 158 countries around the world. We are here to support you with immigration information, employment resources, and opportunities to connect with fellow ASU students.

Recommended Practices for International Students, Scholars, Faculty and Staff

You are responsible for maintaining your nonimmigrant status during your stay in the United States.

If you are in F-1 or J-1 student status

Please visit our Learn about your F-1/J-1 Student Status webpage for more information on this topic. 

Questions?

If you have questions about maintaining your status after reviewing this information, please contact us at: 480-727-4776.

If you are in H-1b, O-1, TN, E-3, B-1, or J-1 scholar status

Please visit our Learn about other faculty/scholars visa categories webpage for more information on this topic.

Questions?

If you have questions about maintaining your status after reviewing this information, please contact us at: 480-727-7125.

Recommended practices

Following these recommended practices helps maintain your legal status and avoid unnecessary complications during your stay in the U.S.

Keep documentation readily available
You should keep your immigration documents in a safe, readily accessible place.
You should always carry a copy of your current I-20 with you, as it is an important immigration document that may be requested by government authorities.
You must carry a copy of your most recent I-94 Arrival/Departure Record with you at all times.
Please ensure that your passport remains valid for at least six months beyond your anticipated stay in the United States. You should also carry this at all times.
If you are employed, you should also carry a copy of the document showing your employment authorization
Form I-20 for F-1 students
Form DS 2019 for J-1 Exchange Visitors
EAD for persons in F-1 OPT status
Form I-797 for persons in H-1b or O-1 status.

It is a good practice to also have a readily accessible digitized set of these documents.

Update your address
F-1/J-1 or F-2/J-2

As a reminder, if you are an F-1/J-1 or F-2/J-2,

You must update your address on your MyASU within 10 days of your change of address
We will update your SEVIS record accordingly
F-1 OPT
You must update your address on your MyASU and SEVP Portal account, within 10 days of your change of address
We will update your SEVIS record accordingly 
Not F-1/J-1 or F-2/J-2
You are required to submit an online AR-11 change of address form within 10 days of a change of primary residential address
Register with DHS

All noncitizens living in the U.S. are also required to “register” with the Department of Homeland Security. “Registration” happens automatically when you are issued:

An I-94 Arrival/Departure Record,
An EAD, or
A Lawful Permanent Resident Card.
Note:

However, the USCIS has announced that a if a noncitizen child turns 14 after the issuance of their last I-94 Arrival/Departure Record or after receiving a Lawful Permanent Resident Card, their parent must complete a registration for that child within 30 days of the child's 14th birthday.

Important reminders

Staying informed about your visa status and responsibilities is essential to maintaining compliance and avoiding disruptions to your stay in the U.S.

Visa expiration

Please remember that your visa (the admission stamp placed in your passport by a U.S. Consulate bearing your picture and other information) only determines the period of time during which you can enter the U.S.

Your visa does not determine the duration of your F-1 or J-1 status; in other words, if your visa has expired, that does not mean your F-1 or J-1 status has expired.

Visa revocation

Please also be aware that the Department of State has broad discretionary authority to revoke a visa. If the Department of State revokes your visa:

You may receive an email delivered to the email address that you provided to the U.S. Consulate on your most recent DS 160 Application for Nonimmigrant Visa.

However, the Department of State does not notify the visa holder in every instance of a visa revocation. If you are concerned about the validity of your visa, you can:

Go to the CEAC Visa Application status tool.
Select the "Nonimmigrant" dropdown option in the first field.
Then select the Consulate that issued your current visa from the dropdown options in the second field.
Then enter the 14 digit "Control Number" found in the upper right hand corner of your visa in the third field, in the following format: xxxxxxx xxx xxxx.

Alternatively, you may try to contact the U.S. Consulate which issued your visa to verify the validity of your visa.

Stay on top of updates

Be sure to keep current with developments that may affect your stay in the United States. In particular, look for updates on the official USCIS website. Please be aware that on April 9, 2025, the USCIS announced that it will begin screening:

"Social media content that indicates an alien endorsing, promoting or supporting antisemitic terrorism, antisemitic terroristic organizations, or other antisemitic activity as a negative factor in any USCIS discretionary analysis when adjudicating immigration benefit requests."

If you are concerned that you will be unable to maintain your nonimmigrant status, consider contacting a private immigration attorney to determine if you may be eligible for a different nonimmigrant status.

Information about:
ISSC eForm Portal
Visit portal
Advising
Advising
Receiving documents
Receiving
ISSC staff team members
Meet us
ISSC events and programs
Events
F-1/J-1 Students most commonly asked questions
See answers
I am a:
Future student
Future students
Current F-1/J-1 student
Current students
Faculty or Scholar
Faculty
Department or Employer
Departments
Sponsored student
Sponsored
Information for parents and families
Parents and families
Upcoming events and workshops
More events
Summer 2026 OPT Open House Webinar Series Part 4
Wed, Aug 5, 2026 - 16:30 to 17:00 (MST)
Register
CPT Ready: Timelines, Requirements & Common Mistakes
Fri, Aug 7, 2026 - 13:00 to 14:00 (MST)
Register
Linked & Launched: The Explorer Buddy Kick Off
Fri, Aug 21, 2026 - 17:00 to 20:00 (MST)
Register
Additional ASU resources

Counseling

Learn more

Housing

Learn more

Career services

Learn more

Registrar's office

Learn more

Business services

Learn more

Financial aid

Learn more

Dean of Students

Learn more

International Students and Scholars Center

Contact Us

Academics

University Academic Success Programs
Academic Calendar
ASU Bookstores
ASU Libraries

Connect

Student Services
Advising
Clubs and Activities

News and Events

ISSC Events
ASU Events
ASU Now

Life at ASU

Support Services
Health and Wellness
Housing and Dining
Jobs and Careers
Safety
Transportation
Maps and Locations
Jobs
Directory
Contact ASU
My ASU
Copyright and Trademark
Accessibility
Terms of Use
Emergency
Privacy
Manage my privacy settings