Skip to main content
Report an accessibility problem
ASU Home
My ASU
Colleges and Schools
Sign In
Search
ASU Library
Libraries and Collections
Find
About the Library
Accounts
Services
Help
Ask a Librarian
Design and the Arts Library closed

The Design and the Arts Library is closed due to emergency work for the Design building. We apologize for any inconvenience.

Welcome to the
ASU Library

Search for journals, articles, books, magazines and newspapers all in one search.

Search terms
Search type
One Search
Open access
ASU Library catalog
Databases
Journal titles
Google Scholar (with library links)
Guides
Course resources
 

Advanced search

Today's hours for:

Change library
ASU California Center Library
Design and the Arts Library
Downtown campus Library
Hayden Library
Law Library
Music Library
Noble Library
Polytechnic campus Library
West Valley campus (Fletcher) Library

Choose a library to update the hours displayed below.

 
View all library hours
 
Popular resources
View resources
 

View all research databases

Library news
More news
ASU Library student employees honored for leadership, service and storytelling

Creativity. Customer service. Problem-solving.These are just a few of the many skills library student employees use every day to support the ASU community. Last month, ASU Library announced the spring...

Read more
about the "ASU Library student employees honored for leadership, service and storytelling" article
Labriola Center Blog: May 2026

This blog post centers on celebrating the Labriola Center library aide graduations, and high school tours from Shiprock High School and St. Charles Parochial (San Carlos).Labriola Center Library Aide ...

Read more
about the "Labriola Center Blog: May 2026 " article
Triple major, honors student earns Fulbright to teach in Indonesia

Scottsdale, Arizona, native Millicent Yurong is pursuing three degrees at Arizona State University in sustainability, biological sciences with a concentration in conservation biology and ecology, and ...

Read more
about the "Triple major, honors student earns Fulbright to teach in Indonesia" article
Honors psychology grad bridges research, cultures and Indigenous engagement

Lainey Tsosie has always been curious about people.“When I was young, I used to wonder, ‘Why do people think the way that they do? What makes somebody who they are?’ I think there are a lot of reasons...

Read more
about the "Honors psychology grad bridges research, cultures and Indigenous engagement" article
Events
More events

No events to show.

Social media

Follow ASU Library on Facebook
 
 
Follow ASU Library on Instagram
 
 
Subscribe to ASU Library's YouTube channel
 
 
Follow ASU Library on LinkedIn
 

ASU Library

Contact Us

Support ASU

About the Library 
Employment
Library News
Policies
Who We Are
Staff Directory
Staff Intranet
Stay in Touch 
Ask a Librarian
Feedback
Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Hours and Locations 
Hours
Library Locations

Land acknowledgement

The ASU Library acknowledges the twenty-three Native Nations that have inhabited this land for centuries. Arizona State University's four campuses are located in the Salt River Valley on ancestral territories of Indigenous peoples, including the Akimel O’odham (Pima) and Pee Posh (Maricopa) Indian Communities, whose care and keeping of these lands allows us to be here today. ASU Library acknowledges the sovereignty of these nations and seeks to foster an environment of success and possibility for Native American students and patrons. We are advocates for the incorporation of Indigenous knowledge systems and research methodologies within contemporary library practice. ASU Library welcomes members of the Akimel O’odham and Pee Posh, and all Native nations to the Library.

Maps and Locations
Jobs
Directory
Contact ASU
My ASU
Copyright and Trademark
Accessibility
Privacy
Terms of Use
Emergency